testsuite/2.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/byron-1.t2: terminating
testsuite/byron-2.t2: terminating
testsuite/cfg.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/consts1.t2: terminating
testsuite/consts1nt.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/consts2.t2: terminating
testsuite/consts2nt.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/consts3.t2: terminating
testsuite/consts3nt.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/consts4.t2: terminating
testsuite/consts4nt.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/consts5.t2: terminating
testsuite/consts5nt.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/create.t2: terminating
testsuite/create_seg.t2: terminating
testsuite/create_via_tmps.t2: terminating
testsuite/curious.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/destroy.t2: terminating
testsuite/destroy_seg.t2: terminating
testsuite/destroy_seg_leak.t2: terminating
testsuite/disj_nightmare.t2: terminating
testsuite/eric3.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/flipflop.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/fun1.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/fun10.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/fun11.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/fun2.t2: terminating
testsuite/fun4.t2: terminating
testsuite/fun6.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/fun7.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/fun9.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/heidy10.t2: terminating
testsuite/huh.t2: terminating
testsuite/iecs.t2: terminating
testsuite/n-1.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-10.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-12.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-12a.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-13.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-14.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-15.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-15a.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-16.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-16a.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-17.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-18.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-18a.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-1c.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-1d.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-20.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-21.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-3.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-32.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-33.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-36.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-37.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-3a.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-4.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-40.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-46.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-48.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-5.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-6.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-6a.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-7.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-8.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-8a.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/n-9.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/nested2.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-1.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-10.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-12.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-13.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-14.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-15.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-16.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-18.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-1b.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-1d.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-20.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-21.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-22.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-3.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-32.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-33.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-34.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-36.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-37.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-4.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-40.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-41.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-42.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-43.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-44.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-45.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-46.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-49.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-5.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-52.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-53.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-55.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-56.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-58.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-6.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-60.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-61.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-63.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-7.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-7b.t2: terminating
testsuite/p-8.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/p-9.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/pgarch.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/polyrank1.t2: terminating
testsuite/polyrank2.t2: terminating
testsuite/polyrank3.t2: terminating
testsuite/polyrank4.t2: terminating
testsuite/polyrank5.t2: terminating
testsuite/polyrank6.t2: terminating
testsuite/polyrank7.t2: terminating
testsuite/print.t2: terminating
testsuite/refine_disj_problem.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/rev_nt2.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/reverse.t2: terminating
testsuite/reverse_div4.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/reverse_seg_cyclic.t2: terminating
testsuite/rewrite.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/s1-saved.t2: terminating
testsuite/seq.t2: terminating
testsuite/seq2.t2: terminating
testsuite/simple.t2: non-terminating
testsuite/traverse.t2: terminating
testsuite/traverse_seg.t2: terminating
testsuite/traverse_seg2.t2: terminating
testsuite/traverse_twice.t2: terminating
testsuite/traverse2.t2: terminating
testsuite/w1.t2: non-terminating
